src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Fuzzy Text | Aether UI",
  description: "Transition from one text to another with a fuzzy effect.",
};

import ComponentPreview from "@/components/web/component-preview";
import FuzzyTextDemo from "./fuzzy-text-demo";
import FuzzyTextDemo2 from "./fuzzy-text-demo-2";
import FuzzyTextDemo3 from "./fuzzy-text-demo-3";

# Fuzzy Text

Transition from one text to another with a fuzzy effect of alpha numerical characters.

## Examples

### Hover over the text to see the effect

<ComponentPreview
  component={<FuzzyTextDemo />}
  filePath="src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/fuzzy-text-demo.tsx"
/>

### Animate the same text on hover

<ComponentPreview
  component={<FuzzyTextDemo2 />}
  filePath="src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/fuzzy-text-demo-2.tsx"
/>

### Use it on buttons

<ComponentPreview
  component={<FuzzyTextDemo3 />}
  filePath="src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/fuzzy-text-demo-3.tsx"
/>

## Intallation

<Tabs defaultValue="cli">

<TabsList>
  <TabsTrigger value="cli">CLI</TabsTrigger>
  <TabsTrigger value="manual">Manual</TabsTrigger>
</TabsList>

<TabsContent value="cli">

<InstallationCli value="fuzzy-text" />

</TabsContent>

<TabsContent value="manual">

<Steps>

<Step> _If you haven't completed the installation refer to guide [here](/docs/installation)._</Step>

<Step>Copy and paste the following code into your project.</Step>

<CodeBlock filePath="src/content/fuzzy-text.tsx" />

<Step>Update the import paths to match your project setup.</Step>

</Steps>

</TabsContent>

</Tabs>

### Usage

You can use the `FuzzyText` component by passing the following props to it.

- `text`: (Optional) The text to be displayed. If not provided, the `orignal` text will be used.
- `orignal`: The original text to be displayed.
- `children`: The text to be displayed.
- `className`: Additional class names to be applied to the component.
- `delay`: (Optional) The delay in milliseconds between each character change. Default is 30.

Commit message:

refactor(todo): component props doc table

src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Fuzzy Text | Aether UI",
  description: "Transition from one text to another with a fuzzy effect.",
};

import ComponentPreview from "@/components/web/component-preview";
import FuzzyTextDemo from "./fuzzy-text-demo";
import FuzzyTextDemo2 from "./fuzzy-text-demo-2";
import FuzzyTextDemo3 from "./fuzzy-text-demo-3";

# Fuzzy Text

Transition from one text to another with a fuzzy effect of alpha numerical characters.

## Examples

### Hover over the text to see the effect

<ComponentPreview
  component={<FuzzyTextDemo />}
  filePath="src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/fuzzy-text-demo.tsx"
/>

### Animate the same text on hover

<ComponentPreview
  component={<FuzzyTextDemo2 />}
  filePath="src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/fuzzy-text-demo-2.tsx"
/>

### Use it on buttons

<ComponentPreview
  component={<FuzzyTextDemo3 />}
  filePath="src/app/docs/fuzzy-text/fuzzy-text-demo-3.tsx"
/>

## Intallation

<Tabs defaultValue="cli">

<TabsList>
  <TabsTrigger value="cli">CLI</TabsTrigger>
  <TabsTrigger value="manual">Manual</TabsTrigger>
</TabsList>

<TabsContent value="cli">

<InstallationCli value="fuzzy-text" />

</TabsContent>

<TabsContent value="manual">

<Steps>

<Step> _If you haven't completed the installation refer to guide [here](/docs/installation)._</Step>

<Step>Copy and paste the following code into your project.</Step>

<CodeBlock filePath="src/content/fuzzy-text.tsx" />

<Step>Update the import paths to match your project setup.</Step>

</Steps>

</TabsContent>

</Tabs>

### Component Props

You can use the `FuzzyText` component by passing the following props to it.

<Table data={{
  headers: ["Prop", "Type", "Default", "Description"],
  rows: [
    ["text", "string (Optional)", "Uses `orignal` text if not provided", "The text to be displayed."],
    ["orignal", "string", "", "The original text to be displayed."],
    ["children", "ReactNode", "", "Content to be displayed."],
    ["className", "string", "", "Additional CSS classes for styling the component."],
    ["delay", "number (Optional)", "30", "The delay in milliseconds between each character change."],
  ],
}}>
{/* THIS IS FOR DEVELOPMENT ONLY IT WILL NOT APPEAR IN THE FINAL VERSION */}

| Prop      | Type              | Default                             | Description                                              |
| --------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| text      | string (Optional) | Uses `orignal` text if not provided | The text to be displayed.                                |
| orignal   | string            |                                     | The original text to be displayed.                       |
| children  | ReactNode         |                                     | Content to be displayed.                                 |
| className | string            |                                     | Additional CSS classes for styling the component.        |
| delay     | number (Optional) | 30                                  | The delay in milliseconds between each character change. |

</Table>
