Todo.md, before:

- [ ] fix the `after:bg-background/90` class to be dynamic, so that it can be changed by the user via the component props.
- [ ] there is a bug in the `MorphingCard` component, where the Icon prop doesn't work if the component is called into is not a 'use client'.
- [ ] remove the todo fromm `/page.tsx`
- [ ] check mobile responsiveness of the components previous to feedback modal.
- [ ] update the manual hook installation for respective comp. (steps)
- [ ] fix scroll bar in manual boxes and code boxes (either make them small or remove them).
- [x] setup custom meta tags with img setup (shadcn repo).
- [ ] do we need bread crumbs for sub headings?
- [ ] update docs to `Fuma docs`
- [ ] thinking of sepearating landing:`aetherui.in` and docs:`ui.aetherui.in` by upgrading from nextjs to monorepo setup. This will allow us to divide the load.
- [x] create action analytics.
- [ ] create sitemap and robots.txt.
- [ ] there is a stupid bug in `page.mdx` file, where inside tabs "manual" the step 2's margin up is not working.(fix for now custom css)
- [ ] update loading animation.
- [ ] update readme!

Commit message:

✨ feat(smooth-slider): add component smooth slider

Todo.md, after:

- [ ] fix the `after:bg-background/90` class to be dynamic, so that it can be changed by the user via the component props.
- [ ] there is a bug in the `MorphingCard` component, where the Icon prop doesn't work if the component is called into is not a 'use client'.
- [ ] remove the todo fromm `/page.tsx`
- [ ] check mobile responsiveness of the components previous to feedback modal.
- [ ] update the manual hook installation for respective comp. (steps)
- [ ] fix scroll bar in manual boxes and code boxes (either make them small or remove them).
- [ ] do we need bread crumbs for sub headings?
- [ ] update docs to `Fuma docs`
- [ ] thinking of sepearating landing:`aetherui.in` and docs:`ui.aetherui.in` by upgrading from nextjs to monorepo setup. This will allow us to divide the load.
- [ ] create sitemap and robots.txt.
- [ ] there is a stupid bug in `page.mdx` file, where inside tabs "manual" the step 2's margin up is not working.(fix for now custom css)
- [ ] update loading animation.
- [ ] update readme!
- [ ] right now the `SmoothSlider` doesnt shift content to right in extreme left and vice versa. Its a bug.
